why don't you guys do it because we
don't feel the need to Johnny that's all
so if you felt the need to you would
kill someone tonight look I know this is
difficult to understand at your age
I have an ordinary spoon from Mel's deli
right here in Brooklyn check it out now
everyone please pay very very close
attention cuz I'm about to bend this
spoon with my mind oh we got 12 bottles
of water 56 beers two vodkas for whiskey
six bottles of wine tequila Nutella
cheese steaks a milky way half out Sour
Diesel three and a half grams grand
master kush one ounce of shrooms 15
pills of ecstasy a porno mag a baseball
bat
you think you look like my brother
you